It's so jarring. Do you work with attorneys in your job?
you
Aaahow...
Aah..
Ahaan...
Hm hmm...
Ah..hww. You must have so many stories of like funny stuff they say.
Hmm...
Oh...
Aahow...
Ohhh...
Aah..haa...
hmmm...
That seems like so precious. Are there ages?
like more or less the same or they go like based on gender?
Ok
Oh, okay, I see.
Hm hmm
I...A long time ago, I used to teach and I have.
Yeah, I was in...I taught electives in that particular class, so
I would have like the gate.
children, and then we have the ED kids.
and the spread...all in the same classroom with the regular...so I have like
and the...
I noticed that all of the kids were so protective.
Of course special ED kids and they...aaa
They just absolutely like what...love them and
treat them well, so that was really endearing.
Do you see that lightning in the classroom?
Ahaan
Ohhh...
Hmmm
Hm hmm
Oh ok.
Hmmm
Ohhh...
O..ok
Did he have any particular nuances that maybe might have triggered his...
Yeah
Like right now?
Oh, oh, because I was done
I was done my teaching because the kids
so I taught middle school for the majority of the time when in high school
and they were so applicant.